Copyright [Year] [Copyright Holder Name]
https://[Optional Link]

CODE PAGES OPEN BUSINESS LICENSE

1. DEFINITIONS

1a. License Registration Code: A per-user Authorization ID that grants rights
under this license (see Section 4).

1b. The Original Software: The software provided to you under this license
agreement.

1c. Your Revision(s) of The Software: The Original Software with your addition
of at least one significant feature and optionally, any other of your
modifications to The Original Software, including transcriptions.

1d. Transcription: An indirect copy or duplication of The Original Software in
whole or in part, that is made by writing code based on forms, models, and / or
ideas of the original code.

2. AGREEMENT

This license is an agreement between you and [Licensor Name]. All rights granted
herein are applicable only if you abide by this license in full.

The terms of this license apply to business and personal purposes.

Upon registration, this license is permanent and irrevocable.

3. FREE TRIAL USE

This Section 3 applies if you do not have a License Registration Code (see 1a).

You may use or modify The Original Software on one or more computers for
evaluation purposes only.

Transcriptions (see 1d) are also allowed only for evaluation purposes. You may
not distribute transcriptions and the like.

You may not distribute The Original Software.

You may not distribute Your Revision(s) of The Software.

4. REGISTERED USE

This Section 4 applies if you have a License Registration Code (see 1a).

You may use or modify The Original Software on one or more computers.

You may not distribute The Original Software.

4a. You May Distribute Your Revision(s) of The Software

    If, and only if, you add a significant feature to The Original Software
    (see 1c), then you may distribute Your Revision(s) of The Software. 

    You may distribute the executable forms, such as program(s) and libraries,
    of Your Revision(s) of The Software.

    You may distribute the source code of Your Revision(s) of The Software. This
    license does not require you to distribute the source code of Your
    Revision(s) of The Software.

4b. You May License Your Revision(s) of The Software With your Terms

    You may use your license terms and copyright notice(s) with your
    distributions of Your Revision(s) of The Software.

4c. All Distributions Must Include This License in Full

    All distributions must include this license in full. For example, you may
    include this license among your third party licenses.

4d. No Additional Rights

    This license grants no rights beyond those that are expressly stated herein.
    No additional rights may be inferred.

5. TRANSFER

A License Registration Code may be used only by one individual until it is
transferred to another individual, and it may be transferred only to an
individual who agrees to this license. After any transfer, you must permanently
delete all of your copies of The Original Software and any modifications to it,
except for your additions that are distinct from The Original Software.

6. NO LIABILITY

Under no circumstances, shall the authors, copyright holders, or [Licensor Name]
be liable for any consequences whatsoever associated with any form of usage of
this software, including derivations of it. This applies to all forms of the
software including programs and source code.
