Copyright [Year] [Copyright Holder Name]
https://[Optional Link]

CODE PAGES SOURCE CODE LICENSE

1. DEFINITIONS

1a. License Registration: A per-user authorization ID that grants rights with
respect to this license.

1b. The Original Software: The software as provided to you.

1c. Your Revision(s) of The Software: The Original Software with your addition
of at least one significant feature and optionally, any other of your
modifications to The Original Software, including transcriptions (see 1d).

1d. Transcription: An indirect copy or duplication of The Original Software in
whole or in part, that is made by writing code based on forms, models, and / or
ideas of the original code.

2. AGREEMENT

All rights stated herein are applicable only if you abide by this license.

Upon registration, this license is permanent.

3. FREE TRIAL USE

IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A LICENSE REGISTRATION (see 1a), then this Section 3 applies.

You may use or modify The Original Software on one or more computers for
evaluation purposes only.

Transcriptions are allowed for evaluation purposes only and may be used only to
revise The Original Software (see 1c and 1d).

You may not distribute The Original Software.

You may not distribute Your Revision(s) of The Software.

4. REGISTERED USE

IF YOU HAVE A LICENSE REGISTRATION (see 1a), then this Section 4 applies.

The rights granted herein may be used for business and personal purposes.

You may not distribute The Original Software.

You may use or modify The Original Software on one or more computers.

Transcriptions may be used only to revise The Original Software (see 1c and 1d).

4a. You May Distribute Your Revision(s) of The Software

    If, and only if, you add a significant feature to The Original Software
    (see 1c), then you may distribute Your Revision(s) of The Software. 

    You may distribute the executable forms, such as program(s) and libraries,
    of Your Revision(s) of The Software.

    You may distribute the source code of Your Revision(s) of The Software. This
    license does not require you to distribute the source code of Your
    Revision(s) of The Software.

4b. You May License Your Revision(s) of The Software With your Terms

    You may use your license terms and copyright notice(s) with your
    distributions of Your Revision(s) of The Software.
    
    You may add your copyright notices to source code files that you modify.

    You must retain original copyright notices with The Original Softare,
    including with copies of it in part or in whole.

4c. All Distributions Must Include This License

    All distributions must include this license in full. For example, you may
    include this license among your third party licenses.

4d. No Additional Rights

    This license grants no rights beyond those that are expressly stated herein.
    No additional rights may be inferred.

5. TRANSFER

A License Registration may be used only by one individual until it is
transferred to another individual (transferee). You may transfer the software
only if the transferee agrees to this license. After any transfer, you must
promptly and permanently delete all of your copies of The Original Software
and any modifications to it, except for your additions that are distinct from
The Original Software.

6. NO LIABILITY

Under no circumstances, shall the authors, copyright holders, or [Licensor Name]
be liable for any consequences whatsoever associated with any form of usage of
this software. This applies to all forms of the software including source code
and programs.
